# BME280 sensor driver

[code]: i2c/bme280.fs (i2c)
* Code: <a href="https://github.com/jeelabs/embello/tree/master/explore/1608-forth/flib/i2c/bme280.fs">i2c/bme280.fs</a>
* Needs: i2c

This is an I2C driver for the Bosch BME280 temperature / humidity / pressure
sensor. The SPI mode of this chip is not supported.

### API

The default initialization using `bme-init` puts the chip into
continuous conversion mode, which means that it can be read anytime using
`bme-data`. For low-power operation, `bme-init-sleep` may be used instead
to leave the chip in sleep mode and set-up for one-shot conversions.
`bme-calib` must be called once after `bme-init` or `bme-init-sleep`
to load the chip-specific calibration values.

[defs]: <> (bme-init bme-init-sleep bme-calib)
```
: bme-init ( -- nak ) \ init the bme280 into continuous mode
: bme-init-sleep ( -- nak ) \ init the bme280 into sleep mode
: bme-calib ( -- )
```

To read the last conversion values call `bme-data` and then
`bme-calc`. The humidity is returned in 1/100th percent of relative
humidity, the pressure is returned in Pascal, and the temperature is
returned in 1/100th degrees celsius.

[defs]: <> (bme-data bme-calc)
```
: bme-data ( -- )  \ get a sensor reading from the BME280
: bme-calc ( -- h p t )  \ convert reading to calibrated values
```

`bme-convert` performs a one-shot conversion and returns the chip to
sleep mode.  It returns the number of milliseconds to wait before the
data can be retrieved.  `bme-sleep` forces the chip to sleep mode. Use
of the init words to wake it up again.

[defs]: <> (bme-convert bme-sleep)
```
: bme-convert ( -- ms ) \ perform a one-shot forced reading, return ms before data is ready
: bme-sleep ( -- ) \ force bme280 to sleep
```

### Variables

[defs]: <> (params)
```
32 buffer: params  \ calibration data
```

### Constants

The `BME.ADDR` constant can be defined _before_ including this driver, to
override the default I2C address of $76.

### Example

    bme-init .
    bme-calib params 32 dump
    bme-data bme-calc . . .
